# devrev

Respected recruiter,
I was one among the 5 to be shortlisted in the backend role. I was given a task of building a car wash website. I believe that I am in a stage of my career where It is nescesscary to experiment some fields of engineering to find what suits you.having said that i learnt html,css and js in my first year and after sometime I realized that frontend is not my cup of tea as i felt i had more logical mindset than a designing one, so i shifted my focous of data science and machine learning for the next year and a half along with coding in leetcode. I started off with ML and then also learnt about deep learning,computer vision and NLP and built a few projects in the same field. At first ML and Dl seemed fascinating and as I deep dived into it,thats when the complex math behind all the algorithm came into picture and I am not comfortable with high level math .I know i can ignore the math behind it and still become a data scientist but I will not be satisfied with myself. So coming to the point of why a backend role will be suited to me is I love dsa ,Ive been doing it for about 2 years now and my curiosity has never been diminished.I love to code,to debug and am fascinated to do the work on server side.There were instances when I coded and debugged 15-18 hours a day without getting bored.
I had been given 1 and a half day to finish the project and I am unable to complete it as I have no knowledge about the backend frameworks. I know I can take some project from the internet and change its contents to fulfill the requirements, but again I cant lie to myself. I believe there should be mutual trust between a employee and an employer and I dont want to break it at the 1st stage only.
I will definitely understand if u dont want to further go with me to the next round.
Thank you
